CSE 135
Group 16

MemeMaster Design Document

index.html
Our index page is designed to be a simple search. We wanted the simplicity of a google search.
However, we wanted to add a bit more flare to a search. The three panels above the searchbar
will display random trending gifs. However, whenever a user types in a search query they will
preview gifs related to that query. The hash tags below the search box are trending hash tags.
They will animate aroudn they page. When clicked they will fill the search box and the the 
pannels wil preview top gifs/memes related to that hash tag.

Cadegories.html
The categories will be layed out in a 4xn grid. They will have a sill image of a gif related
to that search term. Whever the mouse hovers above the field it will play the gif. The text
will also hover overlay above the category.

aboutUs.html
Our team page. It's a fictional fun description of the team. No further work is needed for 
this page.

myJunk.html
myJunk is all of the users collected gifs.
The search bar- The search bar is a way to quickly search through your colleciton of gifs.
Whenever the user finishes his query search the query box will only display all related
files and folders. If a user insers a URL and hits enter it will display an upload gif
popup. The popup will allow the user to give the gif a title, hashtags, and will also
add things such as date submitted, size, etc. We also included a file upload button incase
the user has it saved on his computer. The contained tags section displays all
the tags withing the current directory. This is a way to help the user further define
features which he is looking for. As the user navigates through his directories the tags bar
will be updated. The files directory will be a 3xn scrollable grid. Each grid will be a 
still image with the title as an overlay. Whenever the user hovers over the directory or 
gif it will begin to play if applicable.

resultPage.html
A simple results page that containes a 4xn grid of the searched gifs. Below the search bar
and above the grid will have a drop down menue that will allow users to add restrictions to 
their search. 

gifs, memes,  and thumbnails
Each of these will allow users to download the media or add to their favorite via the right
click menue.

